PRELUDE (BEFORE THE GAMEPLAY)

The last human war was going to break out. The newest weapons were going to erase almost any life form in the world.
Two scientists, a man and a woman, tried to convince governments to stop before it was too late. He was a materials 
scientist and robotics master. She instead was more involved into time studies and psychology. When they understood it was too 
late, they hurried and protected themself in a cell made of a new material, immune to the mortal waves of the
weapons, he just discovered. But they didn't save only themself. She sent out the robots they had to 
kidnap the kids of the nasty crazy men who caused the ruin of the world.
The war broke out and almost everything went destroyed.
In the next years they used their knowledge and their robots to build a laboratory in which they tested some new
technologies on these children. She hoped to give some of them the power of controlling the time, so that they could
come back to past and kill the people who caused all of this.
They tested the kids in some test rooms.
None of the experiments went good. Except for one, a little creepy girl.
She was just a baby when she was kidnapped.

DEVELOPMENT (DURING THE GAMEPLAY)

Since she was a baby when the war broke out, she had no memory of her parents. So the scientists pretended to be her parents and to love her.
The scientists discovered she could stop time and use it as she pleased. And then they also discovered that if she 
felt in danger she was even able to come back to a previous point in time in which she felt safe.
N.B. Here not only she is aware of the time rewind: everybody has memory of every undone future. It's like they understand they
go back in time and remember what was going to happen in future and didn't happen.
There we go. The scientists found their way. They should just convince her to go back to 60 years ago. In this way the
scientists could have killed the grandparents of the kids and so the evil men causing the war would not
had existed.
Of course they couldn't have told the truth to the girl, for two reasons: if the plan went well the girl herself would not have
existed, and moreover they were sure she should have felt in a real danger in order to use her power.
Hence they pretended to be attacked by an evil group of robots programmed by a misanthrope engineer who wanted to kill
every person in the world.
They also told the girl the only way to stop them was going back to 60 years ago and let them kill the mad scientest
who programmed them.
And that was it. The girl came back to past, the war was defused and she have never existed ...
Unless she finds "her brothers", the other kids, hiding in the corners of the labs. They will tell her their story
and might convince her to make the story end in anoher way ... (death of the scientists? Suicide? Kill?)